Improve "Async return types" docs (#47289)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/asynchronous-programming/async-return-types.md

## Generalized async return types and ValueTask\<TResult\>

> An async method can return any type that has an accessible `GetAwaiter` method that returns an instance of an *awaiter type*. In addition, that type with a `GetAwaiter` method must have the <xref:System.Runtime.CompilerServices.AsyncMethodBuilderAttribute?displayProperty=nameWithType> attribute. You can learn more in the article on [Attributes read by the compiler](../language-reference/attributes/general.md#asyncmethodbuilder-attribute) or the C# spec for the [Task type builder pattern](~/_csharpstandard/standard/classes.md#15142-task-type-builder-pattern).

Reviewer: Neither the original article nor this PR is correct. Let's try this instead:

```suggestion
An async method can return any type that has an accessible `GetAwaiter` method that returns an instance of an *awaiter type*. In addition, the returned type must match the type of the parameter of `SetResult` and returned type of the `Task` property on the type specified by the <xref:System.Runtime.CompilerServices.AsyncMethodBuilderAttribute?displayProperty=nameWithType> attribute. You can learn more in the article on [Attributes read by the compiler](../language-reference/attributes/general.md#asyncmethodbuilder-attribute) or the C# spec for the [Task type builder pattern](~/_csharpstandard/standard/classes.md#15142-task-type-builder-pattern).
```
